dbt-materialize: update setup and config guide (#2326)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/warehouse-setups/materialize-setup.md

## Connecting to Materialize

> Once you have created a Materialize instance, adapt your `profiles.yml` to connect to your instance using the following reference profile configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have set up a [Materialize account](https://materialize.com/register/), adapt your `profiles.yml` to connect to your instance using the following reference profile configuration:
```

  outputs:
    dev:
      type: materialize
      host: [host]
      port: [port]
      user: [user@domain.com]
      pass: [password]
      dbname: [database]
      cluster: [cluster] # default 'default'
      schema: [dbt schema]
      sslmode: require

>       keepalives_idle: 0 # default 0, indicating the system default. See below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      keepalives_idle: 0 # default 0, indicating the system default
```

      connect_timeout: 10 # default 10 seconds

>       retries: 1 # default 1 retry on error/timeout when opening connections

Reviewer: Should we add `retries` under `Configurations`, too?

```

</File>

### Configurations

> `cluster`: The Materialize [cluster](https://materialize.com/docs/overview/key-concepts/#clusters) that dbt will use to maintain indexes and materialized views. A `default` cluster exists in every environment, but we recommend creating dbt specific clusters to isolate the resources needed to build dbt projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cluster`: The default [cluster](https://materialize.com/docs/overview/key-concepts/#clusters) is used to maintain materialized views or indexes. A [`default` cluster](https://materialize.com/docs/sql/show-clusters/#default-cluster) is pre-installed in every environment, but we recommend creating dedicated clusters to isolate the workloads in your dbt project (for example, `staging` and `data_mart`).
```
